                   Entropy-Emacs Make

Welcom to Entropy-Emacs Make procedure, there's two 'make' options
provision that 'install', 'install-coworkers', for each as install all
elisp packges, install external depedencies.

Before invoking 'make', you should setting env var of:
- EMACS_MAJOR_VERSION: default 27
- EMACS: default the first matched 'emacs' caller in PATH

And the EMACS_MAJOR_VERSION must matched which EMACS given.

Make targets:

       make all
       make install
       make compile
       make liberime
       make install-coworkers
       make install-eemacs-ext-build
       make install-eemacs-fonts
       make update
       make dump
       make native-comp

- 'update' option update existed installed packages.

- 'dump' option dump the emacs using pdumper function
  `dump-emacs-portable' (need emacs 27 version or above).

  The dumped emacs binary file is stored in
  'entropy/emacs-user-emacs-directory' (i.e. the entropy-emacs
  specified `user-emacs-directory' and be equivalent to it in most of
  cases) with name-space as 'eemacs_YearDateTime.pdmp', start it with:

  -------
         emacs --dump-file=eemacs_YearDateTime.pdmp
  -------

- 'native-comp' option will using gccemacs 'native-compile' func to
  compile all packages hosted in `package-user-dir'. It's useful when
  you use gccemacs.

- 'install-coworkers' option will install all system-wide emacs
  dependencies where entropy-emacs specified, you will do it when
  you're missing any of libraries prompt internally of entropy-emacs
  using.

- 'install-eemacs-ext-build' option download specified
  =entropy-emacs-extensions-project-build= to use as local melpa
  mirror according current entropy-emacs version in which case after
  successfully installed thus, entropy-emacs will use internal
  specified packages version to get best experience for
  entropy-emacs. (If the old build installed detected, we backup it in
  the same place and install the new one.)

- 'install-eemacs-fonts' option download and install entropy-emacs
  suggested free copyright fonts (NOTE: auto-install in *nix system
  but WINDOWS etc. on which show the prompts for manually installing.)

- 'compile' option compile entropy-emacs to get better startup speed
  and running performance. Use 'compile-clean' to clean the
  bytecompile files.

- 'liberime' option compile 'liberime' emacs-module based on your
  system, note that you should have 'librime' and its develop headers
  installed on your system e.g. in debian `apt install librime-dev'.

  On windows platform or looing for more details please see the README
  file under "elements/site-lisp/liberime".

- 'all' option combine the [install, install-coworkers, liberime,
  compile] sections together and export env varaible EEMACS_MAKE_ALL
  with 1 before any operation did.


MAINTAINS:

        make debug: startup entropy-emacs with debug facilities
